webserver :
Introducing the web server and the routes we will build today.
The first is the root path (/)
The second is the path of hello (/ hello)
And the third is the form path (/ form)

The root path is used for the .html index.
  The hello path is used for a function that only prints hello (hello func)
The third path is the form function and opens the .html form for us.

a  static web page (sometimes called a flat page or a stationary page) is a web page that is delivered to the user's web browser exactly as stored, in contrast to dynamic web pages which are generated by a web application.

<meta charset="UTF-8">
 ASCII defined 128 different characters that could be used on the internet: numbers (0-9), English letters (A-Z), and some special characters like ! $ + - ( ) @ < > .

The HTML5 specification encourages web developers to use the UTF-8 character set, which covers almost all of the characters and symbols in the world!

What is unicode?
 The letters, numbers, and symbols used in web applications are not managed on a computer the way you see them.
 Computers only deal with numbers.
 These letters and characters, then, must be converted to a set of numbers 0 and 1 to make them easy to manage. Therefore, there must be a single standard. Accordingly, it is determined what characters each of these numbers represent and how they are stored on disk. This standard is called UNICODE.

Unicode is a collection of charsets or characters with unique numbers. Each point code displays a single character.

You should know that characters in computer science are equal to letters and numbers in the writing system.
You are suggested to read our article for information in the field of coding technique and what coding is.

What is a file server?
By setting up a file server, under certain conditions, users can be allowed to share their files and information with other users within the network, and network administrators can use the file server to have complete control over Have shared files
